Manifest update with serial util changes (#806)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: doc/nrf-bm/libraries/bluetooth/peer_manager.rst

> However, if you want to use it, keep in mind that it depends on nRF Security to generate the Diffie-Helman key pair.

Reviewer: Looking at the Kconfig change, shouldn't this say:
```suggestion
However, if you want to use it, keep in mind that it depends on PSA Crypto to generate the Diffie-Helman key pair.
```

Author: Good catch!
